## How to Download Jackie Chan's Armour of God for Free

  
# How to Download Jackie Chan's Armour of God for Free
 
If you are a fan of Jackie Chan and his action-packed movies, you might be interested in downloading his 1987 film *Armour of God*. This movie features Chan as Asian Hawk, a former musician who becomes a treasure hunter and adventurer. He travels across Europe to find a mysterious relic known as the Armour of God, which is sought by a cult of monks who want to use it for evil purposes. Along the way, he faces various dangers and enemies, as well as his old bandmate Alan (Alan Tam), who has been kidnapped by the cult.
 
## download film jackie chan armour of god


[**Download File**](https://corppresinro.blogspot.com/?d=2tK3fa)

 
Fortunately, you can watch this classic film for free online, thanks to some websites that offer free streaming and downloading services. Here are some of the options you can try:
 
- [Archive.org](https://archive.org/details/Armour.Of.God.1987.DVDRiP): This website is a digital library that hosts millions of free books, movies, music, and more. You can find *Armour of God* in its video collection, and download it in various formats, such as MP4, MPEG4, or H.264. You can also stream it online using the built-in player.
- [Archive.org](https://archive.org/details/armour-of-god-1987): This is another version of *Armour of God* that is available on Archive.org. It has a slightly different file name and size, but it is essentially the same movie. You can download it or stream it online as well.
- [IMDb](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0091431/): This website is a popular source of information and reviews about movies and TV shows. You can also watch some movies for free on IMDb, including *Armour of God*. However, you will need to create an account and sign in to access this feature. You will also see some ads before and during the movie.

These are some of the ways you can download or watch *Armour of God* for free online. However, please be aware that these websites may not have the legal rights to distribute this movie, and that downloading or streaming copyrighted content may violate the law in your country. Therefore, we recommend that you use these services at your own risk and discretion.
  
If you are curious about the making of *Armour of God*, you might also want to know some trivia and behind-the-scenes facts about this movie. Here are some of them:

- While filming the stunt where he leaps from a wall onto a tree, Jackie Chan suffered a near-fatal accident when the branch he grabbed broke and he hit his head on a rock. He was left with a permanent hole on the right side of his head and hard of hearing in one ear[^1^].
- The car driven by Jackie Chan is a Mitsubishi Colt Targa Concept, which is a special one-off model made by Mitsubishi for this movie. It is a two-door, two-seater version of the Colt with its roof chopped off and shorter windshield and side windows[^1^].
- Jackie Chan's hair grows between shots because he cut it for this movie, but after his accident, he considered having long hair to be lucky and grew it again[^1^].
- This movie was filmed on location in parts of what was then Yugoslavia, as well as Austria, France, Spain and Morocco[^1^].
- While shooting the hot air balloon jump, Jackie Chan skydived out of a plane and landed on top of the balloon instead of jumping off a cliff, as is seen in the movie. For the shot of him jumping off the cliff, he was rigged up to a wire, as he had no experience in base jumping[^1^].
- Cynthia Rothrock was originally supposed to appear in this movie as one of the Amazonian fighters in the finale, but due to Chan's injuries halting production of the movie, she was re-assigned to appear in another movie[^1^].
- The musical sequence with the band "The Losers" is a spoof of the Hong Kong rock band "The Wynners". The band's members include Alan Tam, Anthony Chan, and Kenny Bee, all of whom appear in this movie[^1^].

We hope you enjoyed this article and learned something new about *Armour of God*. If you want to watch more Jackie Chan movies, you can check out his other works, such as *Operation Condor*, *Wheels on Meals*, *Project A*, *Police Story*, and many more. You can find them online or on DVD or Blu-ray. Happy watching!
 0f148eb4a0
